Editorial

JAM has always been identified with our founder and mentor, Anurag Kundu ,an epitome of knowledge and wisdom. This issue marks a transition, an end of kundu era while still carrying the legacy forward. With this issue,we the second generation of jam plan to bring innovation and creativity in the team that would reflect in our work.Having been given this glorious responsibility, we feel elated and proud to present before you  JAM 9!!!
Bringing out an issue of  JAM is not  a task that should be religiuosly completed. Infact every new issue of jam brings with itself a new development phase for all the jammers. Appraisal by our readers and our love for JAM is what keeps us charged throughout the making of JAM.
In its previous eight issues serious and pertinent topics were featured in jam, women empowerment,youth being a few. To break the ice, Jam 9  talks about various issues adding a pinch of humour to every article.The magazine caters  to the readers of almost every kind as it has always done. Besides Literary articles,faking news,travelouges and career oriented articles,this issue brings with itself book ,music and gaming reviews,geeky stuff,poetry ,the political melodrama and the all new everybody's favourite - THE  JAMCOM!! And this time the  JAM special being "Comparitive Mythology". 
JAM is not "just another magazine",infact it has always been a platform through which people express.So not to limit the medium of expression to writing, JAM plans to expand its jamcom and introduce three permanent characters in the issue- J(), A( ),M() which will be subsequently carried forward in all our further issues.
The issue made sure everybody here at jam challenges his/her capabilities. Regular brainstorming,debates,healthy group discussions,haughty arguments made sure every jammer discovers a new dimension of oneself. The young squires of jam on our way to knighthood were very well guided and trained by the"kundu era" seniors.With regular workshops,continous guidance every senior ensured that JAM lies within safe hands.
